Adding code tabs library and attempting to build the staging site. (#638)
hazelcast/hazelcast-csharp-client: doc/modules/ROOT/pages/quickstart.adoc

{description}

In this tutorial, you will complete the following steps:

. Install Hazelcast .NET client
. Start a Hazelcast cluster with single server
. Connect the client to the cluster
. Create and manipulate a Hazelcast map
. Run an SQL query on the map
. Monitor the client on Hazelcast Management Center

== Before You Begin

To complete this tutorial, you need the following:

[cols="1a,1a"]
|===
|Prerequisites|Useful resources

|&#46;NET Framework and Core
|Hazelcast .NET client is distributed as a NuGet package which targets .NET Standard versions 2.0 and 2.1.
It can therefore be used in any application targeting .NET versions that support these .NET Standard versions:

> * https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet-framework[.NET Framework] 4.6.2 and newer, on Windows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet-framework[.NET Framework] 4.6.2 or 4.8, on Windows
```
Although we target netstandart2.0, we don't target 4.7. I've never tried with 4.7. So, it's better say 4.6.2 or 4.8.

> * .NET Core https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/2.1[2.1] and https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/3.1[3.1], on Windows, Linux and MacOS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet[7.0], on Windows, Linux and MacOS
```
Just a quick update. We support .Net 6 and above now.

|Docker
|https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/[Get Docker]
|===

> WARNING: The upcoming .NET 5 version supports .NET Standard 2.1, and therefore should execute the Hazelcast .NET client without issues, but that is not supported yet.

Reviewer: I'm not sure we should have this. If we will have that sentence ,we can say .Net 8.
